we are here to destroy our you hello
visitors from another planet there's no
need to fight anymore
see friends they took Lucy and the
others hang on you frogs plan
you mind if I save your life not at all
names Rex danger vest this is my
dinosaurs do it space aliens kidnapped
my friends I'm going to get them back by
an alien queen I'm a queen what everyone
would not be the talking horse I could
change my fools if this makes you
uncomfortable
hey guys they'll go back the horse was
much more palatable come with me on this
adventure to save my friends teach me to
be tough let's go find your friends did
you drop double dots on your face on the
way out you gone bruised up
you almost forgot me guys oh did we I'm
literally a lantern how did you miss me
a lifetime has passed since the horrific
events of Taco Tuesday two copies please
one black one with just a touch of cream
in 25 sugars I wake up in the
you